[WIP] Write chapter_Ethics law policy (#1394)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/ethical-research/law-policy/law-policy-ethics.md

Laws may be general, or they may only cover certain kinds of information, sometimes referred to as 'sensitive information' or 'personally identifiable information.'
This might include, for example, medical or financial information about a person.

Privacy laws have periodically been updated to take into account new technologies, which have offered new ways for privacy to be invaded and for information about people to be shared. 
This started in the 19th century when newspapers became widespread, and is still happening as legislators try to keep up with developments in the internet and in data collection.

Privacy is sometimes confused with data protection, but it is much broader. 
For example, the right to privacy protects individuals from having blood samples taken without their permission.
It means that body searches must be done in a way that preserves the dignity of the person being searched, and that home searches must only be done to search for evidence, not for harassment.
It also makes laws that criminalise private, consensual sex between adults of the same sex unlawful (nonetheless, these laws have not yet been repealed everywhere). 

> Privacy is also a human right (see below).

Author: ```suggestion
Privacy is also a [human right](./law-policy/law-policy-rights.html).
```
